0 We are all something, but none of us are everything.  -Blaise Pascal
1 We are all something, but none of us are everything.  -Blaise Pascal
2 We are all something, but none of us are everything.  -Blaise Pascal
3 We are all something, but none of us are everything.  -Blaise Pascal
4 We are all something, but none of us are everything.  -Blaise Pascal
5 Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.  -Forrest Church
6 Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.  -Forrest Church
7 Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.  -Forrest Church
0 Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.  -Forrest Church
1 Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.  -Forrest Church
2 We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.  -Anne Frank
0 We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.  -Anne Frank
0 We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.  -Anne Frank
1 We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.  -Anne Frank
2 We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.  -Anne Frank
3 Success builds character. Failure reveals it. -Dave Checketts
4 Success builds character. Failure reveals it. -Dave Checketts
5 Success builds character. Failure reveals it. -Dave Checketts
6 Success builds character. Failure reveals it. -Dave Checketts
7 No one who achieves success does so without the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude.  -Alfred North Whitehead
8 No one who achieves success does so without the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude.  -Alfred North Whitehead
0 No one who achieves success does so without the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude.  -Alfred North Whitehead
1 No one who achieves success does so without the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude.  -Alfred North Whitehead
2 No one who achieves success does so without the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude.  -Alfred North Whitehead
3 No one who achieves success does so without the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude.  -Alfred North Whitehead
Sorry!! No quote found -- 4
Sorry!! No quote found -- 5
Sorry!! No quote found -- 6
Sorry!! No quote found -- 7
Sorry!! No quote found -- 8
0 Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.  -Orison Marden 
1 Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.  -Orison Marden 
2 Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.  -Orison Marden 
3 Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.  -Orison Marden 
0 Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.  -Orison Marden 
1 Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.  -Orison Marden 
2 Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.   -Rumi 
0 Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.   -Rumi 
1 Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.   -Rumi 
2 Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.   -Rumi 
3 Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.   -Rumi 
4 Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.   -Rumi 
5 Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.  -Oscar Wilde
6 Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.  -Oscar Wilde
0 Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.  -Oscar Wilde
1 Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.  -Oscar Wilde
2 Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.  -Oscar Wilde
3 There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.  -Laurence J. Peter
4 There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.  -Laurence J. Peter
5 There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.  -Laurence J. Peter
0 There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.  -Laurence J. Peter
1 There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.  -Laurence J. Peter
2 There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.  -Laurence J. Peter
3 If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.   -Buddha
4 If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.   -Buddha
5 If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.   -Buddha
6 If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.   -Buddha
0 The best way to predict your future is to create it.  -Peter Drucker
1 The best way to predict your future is to create it.  -Peter Drucker
2 The best way to predict your future is to create it.  -Peter Drucker
3 The best way to predict your future is to create it.  -Peter Drucker
4 The best way to predict your future is to create it.  -Peter Drucker
5 In order to win, you must expect to win.   -Richard Bach 
6 In order to win, you must expect to win.   -Richard Bach 
0 In order to win, you must expect to win.   -Richard Bach 
1 In order to win, you must expect to win.   -Richard Bach 
2 In order to win, you must expect to win.   -Richard Bach 
3 Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.  -Blaise Pascal
4 Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.  -Blaise Pascal
5 Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.  -Blaise Pascal
6 Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.  -Blaise Pascal
7 Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.  -Blaise Pascal
8 Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.  -Blaise Pascal
9 Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.  -Abraham Lincoln
0 Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.  -Abraham Lincoln
1 Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.  -Abraham Lincoln
2 Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.  -Abraham Lincoln
3 Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.  -Abraham Lincoln
4 When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.  -Helen Keller
5 When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.  -Helen Keller
6 When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.  -Helen Keller
0 When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.  -Helen Keller
1 When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.  -Helen Keller
2 When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.  -Helen Keller
Sorry!! No quote found -- 3
Sorry!! No quote found -- 0
Sorry!! No quote found -- 0
Sorry!! No quote found -- 1
Sorry!! No quote found -- 2
Sorry!! No quote found -- 3
Sorry!! No quote found -- 0
Sorry!! No quote found -- 1
Sorry!! No quote found -- 2
Sorry!! No quote found -- 3
Sorry!! No quote found -- 4
5 Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.   -Plutarch 
6 Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.   -Plutarch 
0 Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.   -Plutarch 
0 Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.   -Plutarch 
1 Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.   -Plutarch 
2 Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.   -Plutarch 
0 The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world. -Dalai Lama
0 The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world. -Dalai Lama
1 The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world. -Dalai Lama
0 The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world. -Dalai Lama
1 The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world. -Dalai Lama
2 The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world. -Dalai Lama
3 It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.  -Antoine de Saint-Exupery 
4 It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.  -Antoine de Saint-Exupery 
5 It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.  -Antoine de Saint-Exupery 
0 It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.  -Antoine de Saint-Exupery 
0 It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.  -Antoine de Saint-Exupery 
1 It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.  -Antoine de Saint-Exupery 
2 Translation is the paradigm, the exemplar of all writing. It is translation that demonstrates most vividly the yearning for transformation that underlies every act involving speech, that supremely human gift.  -Harry Burchell Mathews 
0 Translation is the paradigm, the exemplar of all writing. It is translation that demonstrates most vividly the yearning for transformation that underlies every act involving speech, that supremely human gift.  -Harry Burchell Mathews 
0 Translation is the paradigm, the exemplar of all writing. It is translation that demonstrates most vividly the yearning for transformation that underlies every act involving speech, that supremely human gift.  -Harry Burchell Mathews 
1 Translation is the paradigm, the exemplar of all writing. It is translation that demonstrates most vividly the yearning for transformation that underlies every act involving speech, that supremely human gift.  -Harry Burchell Mathews 
2 Translation is the paradigm, the exemplar of all writing. It is translation that demonstrates most vividly the yearning for transformation that underlies every act involving speech, that supremely human gift.  -Harry Burchell Mathews 
0 Translation is the paradigm, the exemplar of all writing. It is translation that demonstrates most vividly the yearning for transformation that underlies every act involving speech, that supremely human gift.  -Harry Burchell Mathews 
Sorry!! No quote found -- 1
Sorry!! No quote found -- 0
Sorry!! No quote found -- 1
Sorry!! No quote found -- 2
Sorry!! No quote found -- 3
4 To fly, we have to have resistance.  -Maya Lin
5 To fly, we have to have resistance.  -Maya Lin
0 To fly, we have to have resistance.  -Maya Lin
0 To fly, we have to have resistance.  -Maya Lin
1 To fly, we have to have resistance.  -Maya Lin
2 To fly, we have to have resistance.  -Maya Lin
3 Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.   -Richard Bach 
4 Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.   -Richard Bach 
5 Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.   -Richard Bach 
6 Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.   -Richard Bach 
7 When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.  -Confucius
8 When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.  -Confucius
0 When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.  -Confucius
0 When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.  -Confucius
1 When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.  -Confucius
2 When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.  -Confucius
3 The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work.   -Michael Jackson 
4 The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work.   -Michael Jackson 
0 The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work.   -Michael Jackson 
1 The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work.   -Michael Jackson 
0 The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work.   -Michael Jackson 
1 The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work.   -Michael Jackson 
2 We lost because we told ourselves we lost.   -Leo Tolstoy 
3 We lost because we told ourselves we lost.   -Leo Tolstoy 
4 We lost because we told ourselves we lost.   -Leo Tolstoy 
5 We lost because we told ourselves we lost.   -Leo Tolstoy 
6 We lost because we told ourselves we lost.   -Leo Tolstoy 
7 If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.  -Anne Lindbergh
0 If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.  -Anne Lindbergh
1 If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.  -Anne Lindbergh
2 If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.  -Anne Lindbergh
3 If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.  -Anne Lindbergh
4 If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.  -Anne Lindbergh
5 There is no logical way to the discovery of these elemental laws. There is only the way of intuition, which is helped by a feeling for the order lying behind the appearance.  -Albert Einstein
6 There is no logical way to the discovery of these elemental laws. There is only the way of intuition, which is helped by a feeling for the order lying behind the appearance.  -Albert Einstein
7 There is no logical way to the discovery of these elemental laws. There is only the way of intuition, which is helped by a feeling for the order lying behind the appearance.  -Albert Einstein
